Arrr! And welcome to this here
pirate infested Multiplayer Networking section!
And for those of you, who don't speak English, arrr
and welcome to this here pirate infested Multiplayer Networking
section. So, Ben here! Of course firstly, I
have the beard, just to set the pirate culture for
this multiplayer section. So congratulations
on getting this far in the course, is the first thing to say! You're
one of very few who have actually made it through all 50 odd
hours, to this point. It shows how committed you are, so press
on and well done. Seriously! That's a lot
of work, and I'm really impressed. So, I want to tell you what we are
and what are not going to be covering in this section. It's another very
simple cut down section, like Twin Stick. The idea is that I
give you the nucleus of knowledge that you need to
go off and make a game. If I was to build this into a full game, not
only would I use a huge amount of your time, but
I would be repeating a lot of what you've already learned in the
rest of this course. So, what I'm doing is showing you
the essence of what you need to do, in order to make
Multiplayer Networking. You can do this with just
one PC. I'm doing it on two, I'm using a Mac
and then I'm using a PC next door. But there's  a couple of ways you can do it
on one computer. At firstly, you can just operate to a
local build, so build yourself a Mac or PC
standalone version and then do multiplayer
against that. I've done that in the course and it works just fine.
The other thing that you could do is use a Virtual Machine,
and run Windows or run a different machine inside a Virtual Machine,
for example. Or you can just have a
separate physical computer or you can go to a mobile device, so
lots of options. We'll be using Unity Networking
throughout, all the Unity 5. Unity 5.2
actually, I'm using but anything
Unity 5.2 or above will work just fine.
We'll be in local Multiplayer Networking only. It's a relatively
simple job, to read the docs and workout how to go beyond that,
into Online Multiplayer Networking, using Unity Accounts,
but we'll keep it simple and keep you away from needing to do
that in this section. What else to say? Attached to this
video are the section notes. That's a .pdf, please
take those and annotate them in a .pdf reader or print
them out, if you must. And also attached are some fantastic assets.
Now look, thank you to Marco Veil, one of our students, for creating
this ship. He's created it, he's textured it,
he's rigged it, he's created animations for you, and he's even
provided you with an optional sea surface texture, with a very clever way
of making it shimmer. So that's it, dive into the section!
I think you're going to enjoy it! There's some fascinating and interesting things
that we have to solve with Multiplayer Networking, and I'll see you soon!